Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
David, get out of here. Mom.
I'm sorry.
I didn't know you were in here.
Get out of here, now.
- Get out...
- I'm going, I'm sorry.
Oh, my God.
- You got season tickets to the Kings?
- Yeah.
- Maybe we'll go sometime.
- You're on.
Andrea?
What did you do, sleep here?
Now, there's a thought. I could gain 20
minutes by not commuting from home.
How to Get Into the College
of Your Choice, what's this?
Brandon, college counselling
appointments are all this week.
Between the paper classes
and rap line,
this is the only time
I have to prepare.
I would've thought colleges would be
throwing scholarship money
at your feet.
Well, there've been a few.
But none of the top ones.
I mean, who wants to spend four years
going to school in Cicely, Alaska?
Andrea, you're one of the
smartest kids at West Beverly.
I really don't think
you have much to worry about.
Getting accepted into the right college
is the most important thing in my life.
- It's everything I've ever worked for.
- I understand.
- We're all in the same boat here.
- The same boat? The same bo...
Brandon, all you have to do
is figure out where you're gonna go
and you're set. I not only have
to figure out where I'm gonna go,
but how in the world
I'm gonna pay for it.
Mr. Hutchins, I need you to open up
my locker, it won't budge.
Yeah. You're just gonna have
to take a number, son.
As soon as I finish with this
here light bulb,
I've gotta restock
the boy's bathroom with toilet paper.
Come on, man.
I got all my books in there.
Well, that's not my problem now,
is it?
I'll tell you what.
You give me your locker number,
as soon as I'm done with my chores...
Hutch, Hutch.
Give me a break, please.
Oh, wipe that pathetic look
off your face, will you?
Which one is it?
Your boyfriend is a sleaze monger.
Kelly, you said yourself
that David had a Walkman on.
- How could he hear the shower?
- I don't know, but that's not the point.
The point is that I have no privacy
in my own home. It is so humiliating.
Kelly, what happened
to you yesterday?
- I waited until 3:30.
- Oh, my God. I'm sorry, Mrs. Teasley.
It totally slipped my mind.
Kelly, these college counselling
sessions are very important.
Your whole future's on the line here.
- You can't just forget about it.
- I know.
You'll need to reschedule
as soon as possible.
Donna, don't forget
your appointment's tomorrow.
- I won't, 10:00.
- Yeah.
Yeah, remind me to put that
at the top of my list of things to do.
- Thanks, Hutch, I appreciate it.
- Yeah, next time it's gonna cost you.
Man, did you forget
your locker combination again?
What is this like the 30th time?
Fourth, but who's counting?
Now, listen up all you
Wildcat cheerleading wannabes.
Tryouts for the cheerleading squad
will take place the...
The tryouts.
David, stop staring at me.
Cheerleading tryouts
will be Wednesday at 3:00.
What's going on with you and Kelly,
man?
Nothing, it's just a little
family squabble.
Come on, David, fess up.
Hey man, I'm not just your
business associate, I'm your friend.
Either way, I'm here for you.
Who taught you how to kiss?
Kissers aren't made, they're born.
There's always a first time.
Who was she?
Her name was Trudy.
It was in 5th grade.
She charged a quarter a lesson.
Damn good teacher.
Glad to see you've gotten over
this age thing.
- You're yanking my chain, Silver.
- Steve, I swear.
Okay, a little pop quiz.
Does Kelly Taylor
have any distinguishing birthmarks?
Yeah, on her upper left thigh.
It's sort of shaped like a pear.
Actually, no, it's more like a pear
with a bite out of it.
- Oh, you dirty dog.
- She's a goddess, Steve.
I know.
I said stop staring at me.
It is not like David
walked in on you on purpose.
Would you just give him a break?
I can't believe
you're sticking up for him.
You know what I think?
I think you're jealous.
- Excuse me?
- Well,
for the first time I have a boyfriend
and you don't.
And I think it's getting to you.
That is absolutely untrue.
All right, let's get started
by opening our creative minds.
And exploring the subject that
has fascinated artists for centuries.
The female form.
Artists have always expressed
their visions in so many different ways.
The most famous of course,
being the nude.
Anyone of you here
know of any famous nudes?
- Venus de Milo.
- Good, Nikki, yes.
Kelly Taylor.
What are these, man,
Cliff Notes to Of Mice and Men?
I read the book, okay? These just
help me with my comprehension.
What's this? Meyers' reading list?
Good old AP English.
Faulkner, Fitzgerald, Norman Mailer,
Theodore Dreiser
and the poetry of Langston Hughes.
That's good stuff, man.
- You read them all, huh?
- Every one.
Hey, Kel, how're you doing?
- Is the peeping Silver here?
- No.
Then I'm fine.
Kelly, I hear you've been giving David
a pretty rough time.
Word gets around.
Well, I mean,
can you blame the kid?
God knows I'd be staring if I saw you
standing there all wet and naked.
Dylan.
- Brandon, is Brenda here?
- No, she's at home
preparing for her college counselling
meeting.
- Preparing?
- Yeah, she's not preparing,
she's obsessing.
Hey, come on, guys,
this college thing's important.
- Not to me.
Well, I've narrowed it down
to Swarthmore, Duke,
- Vassar and Brandeis.
- What?
Colleges.
- What's your first choice?
- None of them.
Well, then, where do you wanna go?
There's only really one school
I've been dreaming of
ever since I started high school.
Sounds like?
Yale.
Sounds like Yale.
- Well, what's stopping you, Andrea?
- I don't know.
I mean, it's just Yale.
Come on, I mean, Andrea,
if anybody's got a shot, you do.
- They'd be lucky to have you.
- Absolutely. Do it for all of us.
Come on, Andrea, you can do it.
You can do it.
If you make it over here,
you can go to Yale.
Besides, we're counting on you.
Hey, Andrea, isn't Gil Meyers
your AP English teacher?
- Yeah.
- And your newspaper adviser?
- So, what's he doing in your dream?
Mr. Meyers, stop it.
You're gonna make me fall.
Andrea, I didn't know
I had that kind of effect on you.
A B+ average,
plus your extracurricular activities.
I think you'll have
some excellent choices.
Have you decided
where you'd like to apply?
Well, I'm not sure.
I was thinking about Northwestern.
I hear they have a great
journalism department.
Definitely Northwestern.
They have one of the best
theatre departments in the country
and I love acting.
Well, Stanford's kind of a long shot.
Stanford's near the top of my list.
And I was also thinking about NYU.
But I don't know,
living in New York City?
Greenwich Village, Broadway?
Wow, I would love to live in Manhattan.
- I hear BU's a good school.
Well, those are all excellent choices,
but they're also pretty expensive.
And I'm sure you know it costs
a lot more to go to school out of state.
- We're not exactly poor.
- We're not exactly rich.
Hi, sweetheart.
How are things?
Jim, it's happening.
They're talking college.
We knew we had to face this
sooner or later.
Yeah, well. I just wish it were later.
Hi, kids. How's it going?
We're talking futures here, Dad.
All right, Dad,
what's your dream college for me?
Well, there's a lot of good colleges
that are...
Jim.
What's the matter?
Well, your mother and I've
figured a few things out.
A few financial things
Boy, I don't know why
this is so hard for me to say.
- Just say it, Dad.
- Well,
with business being a little slow,
recession, and a few other factors,
we realised that we can only afford
to send one of you
to an expensive, out-of-state college.
- You're kidding.
- We wish we were.
Honey, when we moved here
from Minnesota,
we had to put a big chunk
of our savings into this house.
Our other investments
went south.
And with college tuition running up
to $20,000 a year...
Plus room and board, times two,
we don't have that kind of money
lying around right now.
Well, what about financial aid?
That's the Catch-22.
We're too rich for financial aid
and we're too poor for it not to matter.
So, what are you gonna do?
Which one of us
is gonna be able to go?
Well, I think the best thing to do
is put our heads together
and try and come up with some fair
and equitable solution.
Why should I take a back seat,
because I'm a girl?
- Brenda.
- That is totally bogus and you know it.
- Brandon.
- No, I don't know it.
It has nothing to do
with whether you're a girl.
It has to do with you
getting a free ride.
- Cut it out, guys.
- No, Dad.
You've always gotten
everything you've wanted
one way or the other.
And I've never said anything.
But this time I won't allow it.
What? You won't allow it?
Let's just take a look at the record here
for a minute, okay?
Who's the guy around here who's been
working since he was a sophomore
- never asks Mom and Dad for a dime?
- Oh, get over yourself.
Hey, guys. Just cut it out.
This is hard enough for us.
Now, I thought that we could
discuss this as a family,
but I guess I was wrong.
Now, your mother and I
will talk this over
and we'll give you our decision
at the end of the week.
Come on, Bren,
you know as well as I do,
Mom and Dad
are gonna give it to you.
- I don't always get what I want.
- Yes, you do.
It's a fact of life I've come to accept.
Brandon, that is not true.
They've been easier on you
ever since we were little.
Oh, really?
Remember when I crashed Mondale
and they wouldn't let me drive
- and then I had to buy my own car?
- What'd you expect?
"Here's a new car, Brandon. This
time try not to drive it into a truck?"
You lie to them, you run off to Mexico
with your boyfriend here
and they reward you with a trip
to Paris. What's that?
All right, time-out.
When the bell rings, go to your
neutral corners and chill out.
Yeah, Brandon, you should really try
and chill out.
You guys are blowing this way out of
proportion I'm telling you right now.
Oh, that's easy for you to say,
you're rich.
Haven't you ever even thought of
where you'd like to go to college?
I didn't think there was any point.
I mean, maybe if my learning disability
had been found sooner,
I could've done better in my classes.
But it's too late now.
I couldn't disagree with you more,
Donna.
There's dozens of fine colleges
with special programmes
for people with all sorts
of learning disabilities.
I know.
And have you spoken
with your parents about this?
- Yes.
- And?
And they seem to think
that Beverly Hills Community College
is the place for me.
Well, there's nothing wrong with that,
but there are lots of other options.
Unless money's a problem.
No, it has nothing to do with money,
Mrs. Teasley.
It's just...
I don't think my father really believes
I have a learning disability.
- Well, why do you think that?
- I don't know.
I guess he just figures
I'm not too smart.
They just figure
I'll major in shopping anyway.
They're probably right.
Steve, I'm having flashbacks.
Enjoy it. Use it.
You don't understand.
I can't work. I can't concentrate.
All I can think about is Kelly naked
and glistening wherever I go.
Yeah, well, I know the visual on that
is pretty mind-blowing.
But look,
bask in the glow of the moment
- and move on with your life.
- Hey, guys.
- Hey, Brandon.
- Hey.
Big Dave's stressing because
he can't get the visual
of Kelly Taylor in the buff
out of his mind.
- The infamous shower scene.
- You know about that too?
- Silver, you're a celebrity.
- Don't sweat it.
Guys undress girls in their mind
all the time.
- All the time.
- It's no biggie.
Like that one.
You guys, that's Sue Scanlon,
Scott's little sister.
I've known her since I was 4.
I can't look at her.
- Hi, David.
- Hi, Sue.
Excuse me, guys.
I couldn't help but overhear.
Have you guys ever, you know,
undressed me in your minds?
I'm doing it right now.
Andrea, you look fabulous.
Does a burger come
with that shake?
Hi, Andrea.
- Mr. Meyers.
- Andrea, call me Gil, please.
Whatever.
Were you ever in the circus?
What?
Did you ever
run off and join the circus?
No.
- But I ran off and went to Yale.
- You did?
Well, I'm thinking of applying
to their early admissions programme.
- Just thinking about it.
- Really?
- Well, good luck.
- What do you mean good luck?
Are you saying
that I shouldn't apply?
No, not at all.
It's just that they're very selective.
Well, don't you think I have
as good a chance as anyone else?
Of course you do.
I'm just saying that you might not want
to put all your eggs in one basket.
- Oh, he hates me.
- He doesn't hate you.
He was just being realistic.
Yale's a tough school.
Brandon, he was discouraging me
from even trying.
- He never does that with you.
- Let's not get into that again, okay?
Oh, yeah, let's not.
Don't wanna rock the boat.
Andrea, you're not
the only person around here
- with college problems, all right?
- What are you talking about?
Let me put it this way,
money doesn't exactly grow on trees
- around my house, either.
- I thought your dad was doing fine.
He is, but with two of us
to contend with, it ain't easy.
So, what are you gonna do?
I don't know.
I must say,
it's wonderful to have a student
who's actually zeroed in
on what he wants.
Well, USC is numero uno.
In fact, it's the only numero.
It's a tradition with my family.
My father was an alumni there,
- so was my uncle.
- Well, that'll certainly help.
But you'll need a little more
than a legacy to get accepted.
I know this isn't cool to say,
Mrs. Teasley,
but we got the bucks.
I'm referring to your grade point
average, Steven,
not your bank account.
You have a D+ average.
Really?
I thought I had a C-.
Now, I'm not saying
USC is out of the question,
but unless you start
putting a few more A's into the mix
you'd better start thinking about
numero dos.
Kelly, wait up.
- Hi, guys.
- Hi.
How about a lift home?
So you can stare at me while I drive?
I don't think so.
- Kelly, wait.
- What?
What is going on with you?
Nothing. I don't know
what you're talking about.
Kelly, I know you.
You haven't been yourself lately.
Something's wrong.
Something more than David
walking in on you in the shower.
- What gave it away?
- Kelly, I'm your best friend.
I've never seen you so down
for so long.
I don't know.
Maybe it's all the college stuff.
I just can't get into it. I don't know
what college I want to go to.
And I have no idea what I wanna do
for the rest of my life.
- I just feel kind of useless.
- Why didn't you say something to me?
Because you seemed so excited
about everything.
I didn't want to bring you down.
Kelly, I feel really bad.
Is there anything that I can do?
Well, if we hurry, we can catch
a movie in Westwood.
We can hang out tonight.
I can't,
I'm supposed to go to Dylan's later.
Hey, do you wanna come?
No, that's okay. Three's a crowd.
I just feel so helpless,
I mean, Kelly's my best friend.
I can't just sit by and watch her
get more and more depressed.
Well, I'm sure she knows
you mean well, Bren.
Hand me that socket wrench.
Dylan, we're talking about
Kelly's future.
No, Bren, we're not. You are.
That one.
And what does that mean?
I mean, maybe Kelly
doesn't want to go to college.
Of course she does.
Everybody does.
Not everybody, Bren.
I don't want to, I'm not going.
I can't believe you're saying that.
I told you that a long time ago.
But I didn't think you really meant it.
Have you ever known me
to say anything I didn't mean?
Dylan, you're just doing this
to get back at your father.
I don't do things
to get back at people, Brenda.
I know.
I shouldn't have said that.
No, you shouldn't have.
I just assumed that we would both
be going to the same college.
Hand me the feeler gauge, will you?
What does it look like?
It looks like a pocketknife.
- Is this it?
- Yeah.
So, what about us?
And what if I go away to college?
Well, we'll cross that bridge
when the time comes.
I'll be done here in a second.
Do you wanna go for a ride?
No, I hate motorcycles.
Besides, we're talking about
something serious, Dylan.
Look, Bren, do me a favour, okay?
I don't want you or anybody else
for that matter,
trying to plan my future.
I know that Dylan has the right to do
whatever he wants.
But can't you talk to him,
explain how important college is?
Brenda, the best way to ensure
that Dylan never goes to college
is for me to tell him to go.
But, Dad, he might be throwing
his whole life away.
We have to do something.
Now, don't take this the wrong way,
but has it ever occurred to you
that maybe you and Dylan
are beginning to move
in two different directions?
I can't believe
you're starting this again.
Honey, you asked me to take
your relationship with Dylan seriously.
- That's exactly what I'm doing.
- Oh, by trying to break us up?
I'm not trying to break you up.
Not in any way.
But let me ask you something.
What were you and Dylan
doing tonight
when you should have been
studying?
- Dad.
- Well?
Look, it's not what you think.
He was fixing his motorcycle.
- Exactly my point.
- Which is?
Dylan is a young man with,
as far as I can tell,
absolutely no goals
and no ambition whatsoever.
- Dad.
- I'm not trying to be harsh.
I'm being realistic.
You have to ask yourself
who would he be without his money?
A kind, caring, sensitive person.
The person that I love.
That may well be.
But we're talking about the future.
I mean, look, you and your brother
are at each other's throats
about what college to go to.
And all Dylan seems to want
is to spend the rest of his life
surfing at the beach
and tinkering with his motorcycle.
You have to ask yourself,
is that what you want?
Hello, anybody home?
Hi, honey, how was work?
Greasy.
So where are the troops?
Oh, your dad's upstairs
talking to Brenda.
Oh, really?
Did Dad need to talk to Brenda
or did Brenda need to talk to Dad?
- Well...
- Unbelievable.
She's gonna win. She always does.
What are you talking about?
You know, Mom, it seems
going to some fancy college
means a whole lot more to Brenda
than it does to me.
I'm going to make everyone's life
around here a little easier.
I'm gonna apply
to California University,
which is cheap and right here in L.A.
And my second choice'll be
the University of Minnesota.
And I'll even use
Grandma's address
so you and Dad don't have to pay
out-of-state tuition
and everyone will be happy.
Brandon.
Just because Brandon says
he'll go to a state school
doesn't mean he wants to.
He's just giving up, Jim.
You know how he is.
Well, isn't that better than them
being at each other's throats?
But that's not the point.
You know, sometimes I really think
Brandon does deserve it more
because he has worked so hard.
Brandon worked because
he wanted extra money to buy a car.
Brenda didn't.
She shouldn't be penalised for that.
I hate being in this position.
Jim...
...what about taking out
a second mortgage on the house?
Honey, you know what you're
talking about? Living in debt.
Always having that thing hanging
over us. We said we'd never do that.
But, how are we
ever gonna choose?
I don't know.
I feel like I'm walking a tightrope.
Go for it, Andrea.
Brandon, what are you doing here?
I'm always in your dreams, aren't I?
I don't know if I can do this.
It's Meyers, isn't it?
Why are you letting
that guy rattle you?
- He went to Yale, remember?
- So what?
He's not in charge of admissions.
I know.
What should I do?
You should go for what you want,
Andrea.
Don't let Gil Meyers or anybody else
stand in your way.
- You think so?
- Come on.
It's showtime.
- Mr. Meyers, what are you doing?
- Hey.
I thought I was the only guy
in your dreams?
Why do you keep haunting me?
Really, Andrea.
I didn't know
I had that kind of effect on you.
No!
What took you so long
to come to your senses, big guy?
Just give me the key, will you?
And so the torch is passed.
At this time next year,
you'll be pledging our fraternity.
Is this really the master key
to the school?
Every office, every filing cabinet,
every grade bank.
The legacy is in your hands now,
Steve.
Guard it with your life.
Damn.
Steve, what dragged you out of bed
on this fine Beverly Hills morning?
I'm meeting B.J. for breakfast.
Oh, yeah, sure, he's over there.
I'll take your order in a minute.
B, just tell me one thing,
was this a solo operation
or was the whole fraternity
involved in it?
What have you been putting
in your granola, Sanders?
It was a real funny joke.
You tell the guys back at the house
that I really went for the bait.
You sent me on a wild goose chase,
man.
Hey, lame brain. I gave you
the West Beverly Legacy Key.
The same key that was given to me,
and the guy before me,
- and the guy before him.
- Then why didn't it work?
I don't know.
Maybe they changed the locks.
Did you ever think of that one,
Einstein?
Now remember, relative size
is the key to perspective.
And don't hold back, please.
Learning to draw is a blending
of technique and spirituality.
If she starts passing out crystals,
I'm out of here.
Excuse me.
Oh, much better, Nikki.
Just let it happen. You're welcome.
Donna, you have
a very graceful stroke.
Where have you trained?
- Nowhere. I just like to draw.
- Well, then you should.
- Should what?
- Train.
Have you ever thought about
going to art school?
Are you serious?
- May I?
- Okay.
People,
this is the work of an artist.
Can you believe this? If this happens,
this will be so incredible.
I mean, I've never really thought
about art school before.
But since she said it...
- Hi.
- Hi. Oh, Bren,
- I have got the greatest news.
- What?
Ms. Signorelli, she said
she thinks I should apply
to the College of Art and Design.
I told her drawing
was just a hobby for me,
but she said
not with the right training.
She wants me to make a portfolio
and she's going to help me with it.
Isn't that the best? Oh, I have got to go
tell Mrs. Teasley, bye.
- Bye, Donna.
- What was that all about?
Something about
nurturing raw talent.
- Kelly, can I talk to you for a second?
- Yeah.
So, what's up?
Kelly, do you think Dylan and I
have anything in common?
Where did that come from?
From my dad.
We had a talk last night
and a couple things he said
really got to me.
I mean, lately, it's like Dylan and I
are on two different wavelengths.
In what way?
Well, for starters, I go over
to his house to talk about college
and all he wants to do
is work on his motorcycle.
Brenda, he's your boyfriend,
not your Siamese twin.
You guys can lead separate lives
and still go out.
I know. It's just that
Dylan's not very ambitious.
I guess he doesn't have to be
with all that money.
Is that a problem for you?
I didn't think it was
until my dad mentioned it.
Well, have you talked to Dylan
about it?
No, not yet.
Why not?
Because what if my father's right?
Isn't that your sister over there?
Yeah, we're not on speaking terms
today.
I used to get in fights all the time
with my brothers and sisters
when I lived in San Francisco.
It's a drag, isn't it?
I don't know.
I kind of miss it.
You're one sick puppy,
you know that.
So why are you and your sister
not on speaking terms?
Oh, there was a minor incident
at Casa Walsh yesterday
in regards to who gets to go away
to college and who doesn't.
Brenda went for the kill
and lobbied my dad behind my back.
I'm sure glad
I don't have to worry about that yet.
Besides, what's the big deal?
I mean, isn't California University one
of the best colleges in the country?
Yeah.
So maybe
you ought to think about it.
I don't want to start going out
with a senior
just before he goes away to school.
We're going out, are we?
If I have anything to say about it.
Something tells me you do.
Brandon.
Bren, I got a lot of work to do.
Well, I just wanted to let you know
that you can go away to school
if you want.
Hold it.
What happened?
Nothing.
I just had some time to think and
decided that maybe you were right.
Maybe you do deserve it
more than I do.
Bren, you and I
both know you're not doing this
out of the goodness of your heart.
Something else is going on
and I wanna know what it is.
It's not a what.
It's a who.
Yeah?
Hi.
What are you doing?
I'm just waxing the bike.
Dylan, I'm sorry, I didn't mean...
I wasn't trying to plan your future.
Yeah?
I guess I was just scared.
Scared of what?
Well, it's hard to think
about going away to college
and you not being there.
Maybe you'll give me
those frequent visitation rights.
Yeah, well,
you won't have to travel far.
I'm not going away.
I'm going to school in L.A.
Bren, are you doing this
because of us?
Well, Dylan, our relationship
hasn't exactly thrived long-distance.
Don't plan your life around me.
But you're a part of my life.
I thought I was part of yours too.
Yes, you are. You're a big part.
But if you don't do this for yourself,
you're gonna resent me.
And I don't want that.
Hold on a sec.
- Hi.
Is it a bad time?
No.
- I can go.
- Come on in.
- Brenda?
- Hey, what happened?
Nothing, I gotta take care
of something, can I call you back?
Yeah, sure.
Think about what I said.
I will.
And Dylan,
I love you.
So tell me, Kel, what brings you by?
Do I need an excuse?
I saw your lights were on.
Brenda said
you were working on your bike.
- It looks great.
- Thanks.
Listen, I found these wrenches
in my garage.
One of my stepdads
must've left them behind.
God knows Mel doesn't know
what to do with tools, so here.
- I thought maybe you can use them.
- Thank you.
You know, I've been moping around
for the past few weeks.
Yeah, I noticed.
I thought it was just college stuff.
But the truth is I miss our friendship.
I mean, I keep avoiding you.
But why should I?
If I want to talk to you, why do I need
an excuse like a set of wrenches?
It's a very nice set of wrenches.
It's like, you and I are the only
two people in the whole school
who haven't gone completely manic
about this whole college thing.
Well, I think that's because
we both have a pretty good idea
of what we don't want.
And in my book that's just as important
as knowing what you do want.
So am I ever gonna get to ride
this thing?
I think so.
I'll see you tomorrow, Dylan.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Hi. Is everything okay?
Yeah.
Bren, we're gonna make it
through this.
I hope so.
We will, I just don't want you to
miss out on anything because of me.
Dylan, if I stay here
I won't miss anything.
I'll have everything I want.
- I'm on the phone.
- Yeah, well, get off.
Mom and Dad
are waiting downstairs
to have another one of their
family discussions.
I have to go.
I love you, Bren.
I love you too.
Well,
we've looked at this
from every angle possible.
And a few that weren't.
And it always came down
to one thing.
How do we choose
between our children?
And the answer is we don't.
That's why we've decided
that the two of you should be looking at
any school you want to go to.
And your mother and I
will do anything we can to help.
Wait a minute. Did someone win
the lottery around here?
No.
Somebody's taking out
a second mortgage on our house.
So we'll die in debt.
It's the American way.
Thanks, guys.
But you're not gonna have
to do that.
- We're not?
- No.
I decided to go to college right here.
You did?
Well, ever since we moved
to Beverly Hills
I've been dreaming
of going to California University.
I guess I just got wrapped up
in all the excitement.
So, Brandon, I guess it's up to you.
Now that you have all those
thousands of dollars at your fingertips,
where are you gonna apply?
California University.
- What?
Well, when I found out I might have
to settle for a state school,
I did a little research of my own.
Found out I wouldn't have
to settle at all.
California University's one
of the best schools in the country
and they do publish
an award-winning college newspaper.
And their theatre and film department
is one of the top ten.
Well, I don't know whether
to be incredibly happy,
or incredibly angry
that you put us through all of this,
- or incredibly relieved...
- Jim.
Incredibly happy.
I have a good idea.
Why don't you guys take all the money
that you're saving on private college
and give it to Brandon and me
for our high school graduation gifts?
You see, now that's an idea.
- Not.
Ladies and gentlemen, may we call
your attention to the centre ring
our daring guest for talent
is about to take her place
high in the sky above the big top.
Hey, Andrea...
...you're not gonna make it.
Looks like you're slipping.
Hasta la vista, baby.
You can do it, you can do it,
you can do it, yeah.
You can do it, you can do it...
Mr. Meyers.
Andrea, I didn't expect you
until later.
Couldn't stay away, huh?
Actually, I came here
to tell you something.
No matter what you think,
no matter how much you try
to shake my confidence
I am still applying to Yale.
And I'm doing it because I want to
and because...
Because they would be lucky
to have me.
And if I don't make it,
it won't be the end of the world
because I'll know that I have tried.
Now, if you can't support that, fine.
That's terrific.
What?
You're exactly the kind of person
Yale's looking for.
Wait...
Were you just testing me
the other day?
Hey, if I'm gonna write a glowing letter
of recommendation for somebody,
I'd better be sure.
Do you have any idea
what you've put me through?
I didn't know I had
that kind of effect on you.
- Hey, what's up, Steve?
- Later, man.
Forget your combination again, son?
It's not what you think, l...
Oh, no, I know what you're here for.
You're not the first senior
who tried to get his hands on the key.
Mr. Hutchins, I swear
I wasn't gonna do anything bad.
Well, that's for sure.
The only place that key on the wall
is gonna get you
is into my RV in Oxnard.
All you're gonna find in there
are a couple of fishing poles.
This.
This is what I believe
you were looking for.
Look, just let me get out of here
and we'll forget about this whole thing.
Now, that might be difficult, son.
This is a serious offence. You could
get kicked out of school for this.
Please, l...
I'm graduating.
I don't want any trouble.
You never thought about the trouble
you could have gotten me into now,
did you?
All right.
What'll it take?
What're you talking about?
A c-note.
We'll forget about the whole thing.
This must be important to you.
Very important.
Well, I don't see why anyone
has to know about this.
Thank you.
You know, any more
where this come from
you could buy yourself
a Legacy key.
How did you know it was called
Legacy key?
Like I said, you're not the first.
There you are,
I've been looking for you.
You have?
I think I owe you an apology, David.
- You do?
- Yeah.
This whole new Taylor/Silver setup
has been a little weird for me too.
Anyway, I've got some ideas,
some bathroom scheduling,
stuff like that,
to make things run
a little smoother around here.
I can live with that.
We're both gonna have to be
a lot more careful.
Definitely, look,
- seriously, it really was an accident.
- I know.
And I've been giving you
a lot of grief.
And I'm sorry.
That's okay.
No, it's not okay.
And to prove to you how sorry I am,
I've got a very special,
very private little treat for you
right now.
Kelly, it's not necessary.
Oh, but it is.
Kelly.
Pleasant dreams.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org